Although not required,
there's a convention of placing view pages under the WEB‑INF directory so
that they cannot be deep‑linked or bookmarked to. This way all requests
must be directed through our application,
and we can guarantee the user experience.
We already have this set up in our application.
Let's look at what that configuration did for us,
though,
and how it was tied to our application as far as deployments were concerned.
When we converted our application from a self‑contained
executable JAR file to a WAR file that we deployed on Tomcat,
we created a src main webapp directory,
and you can see that in our project structure over here on the left.
Underneath that, we created a WEB‑INF directory,
a JSP directory,
and that JSP directory contains the JSP files that we have created so far.
Now, why would we do this?
As I mentioned,
it's to make it so that people can't deep link to our application.
And if I switch over to my browser,
we have our page that we've set up links to, but if you
remember when we added these links, they were a reference to the service call.
So we were doing a call to the controller to route us
back to the page that we wanted.
What happens if we come over here and we type in registration.jsp.
It won't serve that up, and we don't want it to serve that up.
That's by design.
So putting those pages underneath our WEB‑INF folder and a JSP
folder makes it so that they have to be served up internally
and turned back to our end user,
thus making it to where we control the state of how they flow through
the application, and they can't bookmark into things that we don't want
them to. It's a lot better designed for us. All we had to do was just move that under that WEB‑INF folder.